Update people group documentation (#542)
2i2c-org/team-compass: people/titles/engineer.md

# Open Source Infrastructure Engineer

An Open Source Infrastructure (OSIE) focuses on infrastructure that supports interactive computing.
It intersects job titles such as “dev-ops engineer”, “site reliability engineer”, “software engineer”, and “cloud engineer”.

> ## Key responsibilities

Reviewer: All the content on this page resembles a lot of the job posts we publish which, I think, makes sense.

Author: That is one of the goals - we should be able to re-use the content here relatively quickly for job posts.

- Ensure the reliable operation of the 2i2c infrastructure (leveraging production-ready cloud-based tools such as JupyterHub, BinderHub and Dask).

> - Attend to support-facing tickets

Reviewer 2: Something is nagging at me regarding "support-facing" being internal vernacular we use, but might not be very clear to someone reading this in order to info gather before making an application, for example. Can't quite express this nag though.

> - Attend to support-facing tickets

Author: ```suggestion
- Attend to operational issues that are surfaced by our support team
```

Author: how's that @sgibson91 ? a bit clearer?

Reviewer 2: Yep!

- Experience working with distributed service teams that use asynchronous methods of communication

### Useful qualities

- Experience with major cloud providers.
- Experience in programming and software engineering with a track record of leadership in open, collaborative projects with broad community adoption.
- Experience working on geographically distributed open-source projects.
- Experience with the Jupyter ecosystem and other tools for interactive computing.
- Evidence of existing connections and relationships in the worldwide ecosystem of open source software for data-intensive research and ability to establish new ones.
- Experience with common data science methods, platforms, workflows, and infrastructures; with data management systems, practices, and standards; and the capacity to gain familiarity with new related topics.
- Experience engaging with highly technical researchers across a variety of methodological fields, research domains, and computational platforms.
- Experience building and maintaining continuous deployment pipelines.

> - Interpersonal skills to work with researchers and students. Include having skills to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner both verbally and in writing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Interpersonal skills to work with researchers and students. Including the skills to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner both verbally and in writing
```
